in this project I try to make a version of the popular twitch stream "twitch plays pokemon"

my game of choice is teamfight tactics, because I am playing it and there aren't many trys out there to reach this goal.

the main different and challenging thing about tft and twitch plays pokemon is the time you have to do your actions.
in twitch plays pokomen you got infinite, but you just have 30 secs in tft per turn. in this 30 secounds you have a bunch of stuff to do.
you have a shop, where you have to buy the champs you need. you have a bench and a board, where you have to drag and drop your units.
you have to watch at your gold for economy, you have to scout your enemys and ofcourse you have the twitch chat- many pleople spamming commands so the bot plays like they desire.

it was and is a big challenge to me, because I don't just have to use knowledge I have already like shaping pictures, using for loops or the other basic python stuff.
I have to learn new topics. computer vision, reverse engineering and I even watched into neural networks. the machine learning topic is interesing to me but isn't really possible,
because tft changes to frequently. reinforcement learning for example wouldn't catch up fast enough, but it would save some time of the round, if I could automate some stuff.


Problem 1 receiving the data I need:

I tried to archieve a majority of these with python's ocr and pytesseract. A solution with too much usage of resources, it's slow and capped on things I can archieve.
reading memory is I beliefe the better way to make this project happen, but it's close to undiscovered.

TFT shares the same client from another game called league of legends. with league of legends on the other hand, I got some people to talk to.
That way to learn reverse engineering tft is a lot faster, but still not possible without brainusage,

I used ida pro, cheat engine, reclass, a program a guy made to dump league files and Lview.

I had to rebuild cheat engine and reclass with some changes to the strings and icons of the programs because league wouldn't allow me to run these programs without this changes.
I had to dump the league files, because the anti cheat detects ida pro, but I can use ida without a running league.

now I can get stuff like shop and gold without computer vision, but it gets better: I found a way to get the boards of the enemys without going to their board. 
not needing to scout is a big timesave.
I just have to loop at different regions of the gamememory and get everything I needed.

Problem 2 link the given data with data I can work with:
datastruktur?
3 verschiedene wege player coords auf der map zu finden. minimap geht nicht,weil picture vom little legend gleich sein kann.

Problem x build the prgram:
program arbeitet parallel
benutz classes?